Brother Hu, do you know him?
Yes, he is my savior
Hey bro
Last time you said I had a heart problem
I went to the hospital the next day for a checkup and there was really a problem
But it's cured now.
Thanks to you bro
It should be, how could this be?
Brother, is someone bothering you?
It's okay to tell my brother
Brother will put the square for you immediately, young master
There are 8 pieces in total.
Since the inspection is Brother Tiger's thing
Then I don't have to read it
Let you test it, you can test it.
Why so much nonsense?
Isn't Brother Tiger wrong?
Why only 7 pieces?
No, it's obviously 8 pieces.
Did you remember wrong?
Obviously 8 pieces
How could it be 7 pieces?
Someone must have secretly switched the bag.
Watch what I do
I didn't take it
You don't feel guilty about anything
Uncle Jing, if you want to take it, please hand it over quickly.
Sister, I really didn't take it.
Are you still stubborn?
Oh, that's disgusting.
Hidden in the butt
Uncle Wang Jing
Haven't you done this kind of thing once or twice?
Take off my pants
Hurry up!
It's really you
If you guessed correctly
last circle
That thing was also dropped by you to frame me.